README.md, before:

# About this project

The HMG Bot is a discord bot that's used for retrieving nft metadata for the Hermonsters project on cardano.

# How to run the app
1. Clone the repo
2. Get your bot keys from [here](https://discord.com/developers/)
3. create a `.env` file in the main directory. 
   copy and edit this variable
   
`BOT_TOKEN=your_bot_token`
   to run the bot.
edit other environmental variables if you want to use other fucntions that require them.\
Reference the [.env exmaple](https://github.com/ossydotpy/hmg/blob/b0544bf402159db54dc35e580b040c351f86b888/.env%20example)) file for variable names
5. Run main.py
Make sure to invite the bot to your server!

# Customize the bot for your project.
You can do this by 
- change the policy ID in [this code](https://github.com/ossydotpy/hmg/blob/product/functions/get_metadata.py)
- select your desired features using [this code](https://github.com/ossydotpy/hmg/blob/product/functions/save_features.py)
- modify [this code](https://github.com/ossydotpy/hmg/blob/product/cogs/prio_cog.py) to search through your saved features.

- star this repo(haha, not required)

Commit message:

* consolidated retrieval functions * consolidated save_[]_features functions * renamed custom_functions to hm_functions * added some docstrings

README.md, after:

# About this project
This is a discord bot for the Hermonsters NFT project on cardano.

its used for querying the nft metadata in discord.
can display 
- onchain metadata
- floor price
- holder distribution
- NFT trait floor

Note: this is specifically set u for [Hermonsters](https://hermonsters.com)\
contact or modify the code to suit your needs for a specific project\

# setup instructions
 - Clone the repo
 - Get your discord bot keys [here](https://discord.com/developers/)
 - Get your Blockfrost Api Key [here](https://blockfrost.io/)
 - create a `.env` file in the main directory. 
   In the `.env` file copy, paste and edit the following code.
   ```
   BOT_TOKEN=your_bot_token
   BLOCKFROST_API_KEY=your api key here


   add all other private information in ths file
   they can be called with `os.getenv(VARIABLENAME)` anywhere.
   ```
 - Start the discord bot by running `python main.py`
 - Invite your bot to your server.
 - use `~sync` on first launch to sync the commands to your server.

 - Star this repo [optional]
